After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

Weather App - Gets city from user and display said cities current Weather

2. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (if applicable):

https://gentle-forest-58016.herokuapp.com/

3. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

https://github.com/Maughan-Jake/node-weather-app

4. Describe the functionality that is currently working, along with any special instructions of how to use your web application:

When the user enters a city and click the button it loads the current weather using AJAX.

5. Describe the features that are not yet working correctly.

I need to make it look better and get more data to show the user. I am also not really sure what my post is supposed to do now that 
everything is loaded from the client side instead of the server side. Another problem that I could not figure out for the life of me 
was where to put the client side JS so that express knows it is for the client and not for the server..... 

6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

4

7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

I spent an unhealthy amount of time trying to get the AJAX to work with express. I am not even sure what the best way
to go about it is but as of right now the data loads asynchronously through AJAX which is why I got docked points from 
last week. I plan on getting more data and showing it to the user in a more elegant manner.

8. Please list any questions you have for the instructor regarding this assignment or this week's topic.

Where in the world am I supposed to put the client side JS so that I do not have to put it into directly on my .ejs page??
What is my post supposed to do now that all the data is coming from the client side?